Add email for extra details from potential teams (#112)
srobo/team-emails: SR2023/2022-09-29-confirm-team-details.md

---
to: SR2023 sign-ups
subject: Confirming your details for SR2023
---

Hello!

Thank you for your interest in Student Robotics 2023. We would like to offer you a place. In order to do that, we have a few questions and extra pieces of information we need.

Please complete the following short form: https://forms.gle/TDhCmRpvhJHR4gWP9

Once we have these details, we can confirm your place, and then you're in!

> While the details for kickstart are not yet available, the events are expected to take place on the same weekend in late October. We'll let you know as soon as those are available.

Reviewer: Do we want to say it's the 22nd so at least they have a when even if not a where

Reviewer 2: I think we should - it's getting quite close to that date now. If it's less than a couple of weeks away we'd probably be best off postponing to give more prep time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the details for kickstart are not yet available, the events are expected to take place on the 22nd October. We'll let you know as soon as those are available.
```

Reviewer 3: Assuming we actually have a booking for that date, that text looks good.

Author: I don't believe we do quite yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the details for kickstart are not yet available, the events will provisionally be on the 22nd October and be in London and Southampton. We'll let you know as soon as those are available.
```

> While the details for kickstart are not yet available, the events will provisionally be on the 22nd October and be in London and Southampton. We'll let you know as soon as those are available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the details for kickstart are not yet available, the events will provisionally be on the 22nd October in London and Southampton. We'll let you know as soon as those are available.
```

---
to: SR2023 sign-ups
subject: Confirming your details for SR2023
---

Hello!

Thank you for your interest in Student Robotics 2023.

> Before we can confirm your place, we have a few questions and extra pieces of information we need.

Reviewer 3: Maybe say something like "Thank you for your application, we would like to offer you a place. In order to do that.."
This would make it clear that they do essentially have a place, rather than this feeling like this is just another step and they may not have a place yet.

> 1. Can you confirm you are over the age of 18, and officially related to the institution you are bringing a team from (eg teacher at a school, leader at a scout group etc).

Reviewer 3: Is the latter part of this relevant? I would have thought we care more along the lines of "and will have permission to bring the competitors to events/act as a guardian for them at our events"?

Author: I think it is, yes. For example, a parent and a bunch of students from a school don't really have permission to represent themselves as being a team from the school.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, that's kinda why I was thinking the wording needs a tweak? Not sure what you're saying here.

> 2. Can you provide a contact phone number. We will only contact you by phone for urgent things, please ensure it is a number that you would have with you at events

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Can you provide a contact phone number. We will only contact you by phone for urgent things, please ensure it is a number that you would have with you at events.
```

2. Could you provide a second set of contact details for someone at your institution. They should know about the competition, and can be used as a backup contact.
   1. Name

>    2. Email address

Reviewer 3: We should probably ensure that:
- the second contact is another staff member, ideally a head of dept?
- we get phone numbers for both contacts. A useful framing here is probably something like "we will only contact you by phone for urgent things, please ensure it is a number that you would have with you at events"

> 4. Are you able to attend a physical competition in the UK on a weekend in early April?

Reviewer 3: Once we're updated them so the content is all in, it's probably worth reviewing these so that they're all framed the same way. Specifically: currently some are questions, others aren't.
